Modified installation from sources section. [5995] (#45)
eProsima/Fast-RTPS-docs: docs/sources.rst

.. _installation-from-sources:

Installation from Sources
#########################

Dependencies
************

Asio and TinyXML2 libraries
===========================

On Linux, you can install these libraries using the package manager of your Linux distribution.

> For example, on Ubuntu you can install them using its package manager with the next command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, on Ubuntu you can install them by using its package manager with the next command.
```

.. code-block:: bash

   sudo apt install libasio-dev libtinyxml2-dev

On Windows, you can install these libraries using Chocolatey_.
First, download the following chocolatey packages from this
`ROS2 Github repository <https://github.com/ros2/choco-packages/releases/latest>`_.

* asio.1.12.1.nupkg
* tinyxml2.6.0.0.nupkg

Once these packages are downloaded, open an administrative shell and execute the following command:

.. code-block:: batch

   choco install -y -s <PATH\TO\DOWNLOADS\> asio tinyxml2

> Please replace ``<PATH\TO\DOWNLOADS>`` with the folder you downloaded the packages to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please replace ``<PATH\TO\DOWNLOADS>`` with the folder where you downloaded the packages.
```

Author: As discussed this is fine.

Colcon installation
*******************

colcon_ is a command line tool to build sets of software packages.

> We show you how to use it to compile easily Fast-RTPS and its dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section explains to use it to compile easily Fast-RTPS and its dependencies.
```
